# Add Features Branch (Step 2/3)

# TODO:

New components:
Single to-do component
New Features:
Add a new to-do.
Edit to-do item. Such as updating the category.
Swap the order of to-do items.
Get to-do items by category.
Remove a to-do.
Remove all todos from a particular cateogry.

# How we'll do it

Let's start by implemening a component which will display an individual to-do, not just a list of todos.

<SingleTodoPage>

After creating the SingleTodoPage component let's add routing to this component in App.js.

```
    <Route path="/todos/:todoId" element={<SingleTodoPage />} />
```

# Add a to-do

First create a form and then connect the form the Redux store.

```
<Route path="/addTodo" element={<AddTodoForm />} />
```

In todoSlice.js we need to add a reducer function which will handle saving the to-do to our app state.
To save, aka update state, we need the current state and an action object which has the new info. The action object will be dispatched by out AddTodoForm component.

Again the UI our component dispatches an action which updates the app state. That's it.

```
  reducers: {
    createTodo(state, action) {
      state.push(action.payload);
    },
  },
```

We have some things to import to our AddTodoForm component.

```
import { useDispatch } from "react-redux";
import { nanoid } from "@reduxjs/toolkit";

import { createTodo } from "./todoSlice";
```

# Edit a to-do

<EditPostForm>

When adding a feature need to create a new reducer function. And an action which the componen will then dispatch.

{type: 'posts/postUpdated', payload: {id, title, content}}

By default, the action creators generated by createSlice expect you to pass in one argument, and that value will be put into the action object as action.payload.

Reducer updates state based on the action dispatched to it.

We also know that the reducer is responsible for determining how the state should actually be updated when an action is dispatched.

createSlice creates action creators which UI components can dispatch.

Finally, we'll need to export the action creator function that createSlice generated for us, so that the UI can dispatch the new postUpdated action when the user saves the post.

```
postUpdated(state, action) {
const { id, title, content } = action.payload
const existingPost = state.find(post => post.id === id)
if (existingPost) {
existingPost.title = title
existingPost.content = content
}
}

export const { postAdded, postUpdated } = postsSlice.actions
```

To edit a post need to retreive right post from Redux store.

??? We'll also use React Router's history API to switch over to the single post page and show that post.
